Add `compile` option (#12)
avajs/typescript: README.md

		"typescript": {
			"rewritePaths": {
				"src/": "build/"
			},
			"compile": true
		}
	}
}
```

Both keys and values of the `rewritePaths` object must end with a `/`. Paths are relative to your project directory.\

> You can enable compilation via the `compile` property. It is recommended to set it to `false` when running `ts` in a watcher mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both keys and values of the `rewritePaths` object must end with a `/`. Paths are relative to your project directory.

You can enable compilation via the `compile` property. If you already run `tsc` separately, in watch mode perhaps, it is recommended to set it to `false`.
```
